too many of us settle for mediocre lives
we sometimes fail to realize that life
isn't just a series of goals to be
achieved but rather a journey to be
celebrated along the way we get caught
up in commitments and before we know it
we're asking ourselves what did I really
spend the most formative years of my
life doing we fail to explore the world
not just geographically but also in its
depth by failing to connect with those
around us and listening to what our gut
truly tells us all of this because we're
afraid we fear new situations with fear
stepping off our autopilot and we fear
what we cannot predict but in the summer
of 2015 I met three strangers and
together we decided to refuse to let our
fears dictate our decisions and instead
decided to use them to drive us forward
[Music]
see two years ago the four of us Matt
Amar's Aaron and myself Thomas were
strangers with a simple desire take a
different path we had just met and had
no money when he bonded over a simple
idea at the moment we step out of our
comfort zones with the time our brain
chemistry evolves and we felt truly
alive so with three strangers I moved on
to a fourth strangers couch to afford
making videos following this idea our
goal was simple challenge ourselves to
think differently about life face our
fears head first for 30 days straight
from the outside what we were doing
seemed absolutely insane our friends our
family members and our mentors were
begging us to wake up and stop the
nonsense but the new philosophy we live
by did not go unnoticed we showed you a
video made by four guys in weekly
episodes that de Parys improbable things
they dream any old video makers why I
wanted to share this message with the
world you tell us about yourself how you
came up with this idea either today
yes theory is without a doubt my
favorite channel on YouTube I understand
you're trying to change the perception
of how your generation is you
and the country's glad you did what you
did
but despite her newfound attention we
were still completely broke after six
months of non-stop working and living
life at the fullest were offered deals
on TV but would lose creative control
over the movements that were just
starting so we followed our guts decline
the offers and just as we thought our
project might be coming to an end we
received an email that changed
everything to the four of you want to
move into a house together in Venice
Beach California and get paid to keep
making videos somehow a new channel on
snapchat discover called brother was
looking for a group of friends making
content and when we told them we wanted
to travel to make videos they answered
go wherever the budget will take you
especially sunny places and so six
months into stepping off the traditional
path together we said goodbye to our
tiny couch in Canada and we're on our
way to live our lives the way we had
always dreamt it so now we asked you if
you were 99 years old and on your
deathbed
you've given a chance to come back to
today what would you do right now I'd
love to me just eternity for one of our
episodes you'd like Justin Trudeau
trying to convince a couple to let us
kidnap them in exchange for the best day
ever and we want to throw the best party
we can based off the papers are you
watching the Oscars tonight
yeah I will goddamnit oh dude I'll
hesitate yeah never jumped off a cliff
No
[Music]
[Applause]
to go for this to become the next big
thing in Venice
you guys a pleasure see you for the
second time
yeah you guys are ambushing me in the
street now actually planned a meeting
this any way I can just come with you
we've swiped a thousand two or three
thousand girls and I've gotten like 10
minutes I really wonder if somebody has
ever taken their tinder date to go meet
another tinder date
[Music]
you go on a blind date my best friend
math in Hawaii for 24 hours be a part of
the ceremony row up you tend to get told
that the world is the way it is your
life is just to live your life inside
the world try not to bash into the walls
too much to try to have a nice family
life have fun is able to money but life
and that's a very limited life life can
be much broader once you discover one
simple fact and that is everything
around you that you call life was made
up by people that were no smarter than
you and you can change it you can
influence it you can you can build your
own things that other people can use
that's maybe the most important thing to
shake off this erroneous notion that
life is is there
once you learn that you'll never be the
same again sighted energy of trying new
things becomes like forgot it's pretty
neat to try to transform that feeling of
anxiety into one of like excitement so
far this has all been an experiment but
for the next four episodes we'll be
telling you a big part of our story that
we've never told before we risked
everything to be here today but if four
strangers from four corners of the world
can make it this far together doing what
they love chances are you can't do it
now there's one thing would recommend
you do immediately ask yourself what
makes you uncomfortable now what are you
going to do about it
[Music]
[Applause]